What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
-when you initialize a repository git creates a .git file witch is used for managing the differences
between all the different versions of the files.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you 
think it offers?
-staging area is the area where we position the files that we want to add to the repository from the
working directory, so the value it offers is as an intermediate area between the two.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
-by only adding to the staging area the files witch represent a logical change and commit them,
leaving the rest of the files that are not part of a logical change in the working directory.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would 
branches help?
-when you are experimenting some with some changes and you want to have a working copy + a copy with
your experimental changes. Branches would help by being able to create the experimental changes
to one branch and have the working copy on an other branch. This way you could switch between then.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
-diagrams help visualise branch structure, first by showing the branches and showing their history
and from where were they created.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way 
we do?
-the result is that we have all the changes in one place. We represent it the way we do because
it symbolises that the two branches have been created in parallel without knowing of each other
and then they got merged into one.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
-pros of Git's automatic merging vs. manually: it is faster and used in cases where it is certain 
that that resolving strategy would have been applied anyway.
-cons of Git's automatic merging vs. manually: it is not always resolving the conflicts, and in
rare cases it can resolve the conflicts in an undesired manner.

